Update FERC archivers to work with FERC Online web app (#1226)
catalyst-cooperative/pudl-archiver: README.md

To develop or test against a local descriptor, set `PUDL_DATAPACKAGE_PATH` to be the
absolute path to your local `datapackage.json` file.

### Using Docker
`playwright` doesn't always play right with every environment, so we've provided a
`docker` based workflow to help working around this. To install the docker environment,
run `docker compose build`. Then, you will need to set the environment variable
`PUDL_ARCHIVER_USE_DOCKER=true`. This will tell the pre-commit unit test hook to run

> unit tests through docker.

Reviewer: yes good!

pudl_archiver --help
```

### Using Docker
When using docker to run the archiver, you prefix each command with `docker compose

> run --rm`, so the above command would become:

Reviewer: is this what you mean, or is the prefix only for certain commands?
```suggestion
When using docker to run the archiver, prefix each command with `docker compose
run --rm`. For example, the above command would become:
```
